After going on a trip to Seven Springs, I had a really good idea that came to me about this project. Therefore, I am changing my original idea of doing a visual about being active outside or in your community. Now, I am going to do a visual regarding the preservation of nature and not harming it with manmade creations. This idea is that usually cities or towns have reserved parking, well nature does have "reserved parking," but it's for mother nature! In this draft, I had taken a picture of a wooden post and layered a sign on top of it. Then I found a found a font that is similar to the one that is seen on road signs. It is not much in content, however, the idea is simplistic and  should not overcrowd the image. The sign, does look rough, so hopefully I can find a way to make the sign look more realistic and more fitting to the background. I may also consider adding something else, but I am not sure what yet. I am waiting to see what the peer reviews bring. I think that this direction I am going in is defintely better and I have more of an argument with this idea, whereas the other one was more of a motivation. I am hoping that people can interpret the idea, which is the goal of the project, but I really want people to expand the context. Perhaps, more than preservation. For example, someone may see the visual as being against cities, or protecting National Parks. Overall, I like the direction that I am going in and once the ball gets rolling and I keep getting to know my way around GIMP, I might actually have fun. The project will come along (even though I had low hopes at the beginning). 
