For this first preveiw of my visual rhetoric projectic, I have created the basic idea. This is defintely not where I want to go with this project. I do not like how not-put-together it looks. I did try to mess around with the opacity and whatnot, but I think it made it worse. I sat and watched multiple videos on Youtube trying to get the basics of Gimp. There were slightly successful. I might entirely change the current picture. The font could be better and I might even chsnge the slogan that I am going with. I might change it to "Discover your world," in which I'll try to draw attention to the your world part to get people to realize that they have an entire world in front of them and they should explore it. I really think that this project is in it's early stages and if I mess around with Gimp and watch some more videos, I should be able to create some great content. Where the hiker is, I might go down to just the outline of the boot, to make it more simplistic. The only issue with that, some people might not get what I am going for. However, I think in order to really tie in with the wanting to go out in nature, the design needs to be clean and simple (Which it is _definitely_ not at this stage and point). My goal is to reall have the images that layer the background to not fight the background but come together and almost blend in seamlessly to it. So, I think for next time I work on this, I should learn how to take harsh lines and kind of dull them down, or find a picture that already is like that. I am going on a small trip to Seven Springs this weekend, so maybe I can get some awesome pictures of the mountains and whatnot!  
